README.md Update (#1613)
EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree: README.md

## 🛠️ Installation Steps

1. Fork the project

> 2. Clone the project `git clone https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree.git`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Clone the project by running `git clone https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree.git`
```

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :hammer_and_wrench: This code needs a fix&nbsp; | &nbsp;**Tags:** Inelegant

> 2. Clone the project by running `git clone https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree.git`

Reviewer: Now that I think about it, the fork is the repository the user must clone, not the original repository.
```suggestion
2. Clone the project by running `git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/LinkFree.git`
```

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :hammer_and_wrench: This code needs a fix&nbsp; | &nbsp;**Tags:** Inefficient

Reviewer 2: Oh sorry, I reviewed without noticing this!

Reviewer 3: No worries @CodingSpecies, it does happen! We all learn from mistakes! 😄

Reviewer 3: May I know, why you are **marking this conversation resolved** again and again **without making changes**? We'd love to know your Point of view!! 

I think these changes should be made, to be very specific, especially for the first timers!! 
What do you think!?
